The adventure of debugging

1:
You have ran into a bug and you have no idea what is wrong what do you do?

Cry:

    Ok you got your frustrations out what do you want to do now?

    Cry Some more:

        Loops

    Give up:

        game is over

    Actually work on fixing the bug:

        continue to "How do you want to handle it section?"

Give up:

    Game is over

Try to fix it:

    How do you want to try to fix this bug?

    Google it:

        Where do you shearch for the answer?

        Stackoverflow:

            The solution you found looks like nothing you've seen before, what do you do??

            Try to take the code apart and understand what's going on:

            Look at another solution:

                Go back to "Google it"

            Ctrl+C Ctrl+V:

                The code works perfectly, but
                FBI/swat team breaks in and arrests you for stealing code.
                They take you before the great judge of code, how do you plead?

                Not guilty:

                    You are sentenced to life in prison for not confessing you stole the code and not correctly crediting the authours

                guilty:

                    You are forced to take a class on coding ediquet and correctly credit the authours

        W3schools:

            Look at that you found a great implentation of what you wanted to do?

                Implement the code and correctly credit the authours:

                    You fixed the bug, well you think at least
                    It's a diffrent bug now, but that's progress atleast

                Continue looking for a more complex solution so you can pass it off as your own and look smart:

                    Go back to "Google it"

        GeeksForGeeks:

            You don't find a solution and all the fourms you find on GeeksForGeeks are not answered, what do you do?

                Cry because you din't find a solution:

                    go to "cry" section

                Continue to search on google:

                    go to "google it" section 

        Hire someone from Craigslist:

            You hire a person from Craigslist to work for you named Ron
            he gets the work done quickly and effectivly
            you guys really hit it off and continue working together

            10 Years later:

                You now own one of the biggest code consulting company and ron is your second hand man

                10 years later:

                    The robot revolution has started all because YOU wanted to fix that bug for that one paeice of code
                    Your buissness has spawned the rise of general ai and the slow death of the human race

                    10 years later:

                        You and ron have been surving together, but today he got caught by one of the patrols
                        You watched as the life was drained from his eyes, you have lost your will to survive

                        10 years later:

                            The robots have kept youi alive to help their progresson as you were the founder of the company that created them
                            They want to learn more about their inception and have created a full-dive simulation to see how they came to because

                            return to start 

    Cry:

        got to cry section

    Ask a friend:

        They already came acroos that problem, they got you